{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Additional CSS:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}The page title container background-color is made transparent. The page title is changed to white, 2.84em, uppercase. It stands out against the header image as the most important title on the page. \
{\listtext	\'95	}The header image is positioned to always show the top right edge of the image. This keeps it focused on the soap and away from the white soap.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The site title (Imperial Soap Company) is changed to 1.9em, adjusted spacing, and less distracting hover color. It is smaller than the page title and still noticeable. \
{\listtext	\'95	}The site description is changed to a more visible gray color and font size. \
{\listtext	\'95	}The page and post content, and comment area, are given the same background-color as the container (orange), 20px padding, a max-width, to keep it the width of images below it. The paragraphs are given their own font-family and a bigger font size, to make them legible.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The navigation text is made slightly bigger than the content paragraph text, to make it easier to press on the links.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The navigation container is made absolute at less than 880px, so that it will be at the top of the screen when opened.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The post entry titles\'92 font size is made barely smaller than the page title, because it is less important.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The \'93Leave a Reply\'94 title font size is increased to make it bigger than the \'93Comment\'94 title. \
{\listtext	\'95	}The form button text font-weight is increased to make it easier to press, and text-transform is changed to none to make it not stand out so much. \
{\listtext	\'95	}The Contact form title is change to display: none, because it is not needed with the page title being the same.\
}